DOCS-3028 Polish remaining TC2.1 Docs After Merge (#1247)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/SystemManagement/MultiSystems.md

![RestoreDatabaseSelectSystem](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/RestoreDatabaseSelectSystem.png "RestoreDatabaseSelectSystem")

Click **CONFIRM** to upload the config backup to the chosen TrueNAS systems.

![RestoreDatabaseSystemSelected](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/RestoreDatabaseSystemSelected.png "RestoreDatabaseSystemSelected")

## System Inventory

To access the **System Inventory** page, click the <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true" title="Settings">settings</i> icon and select **System Inventory**.

![SystemInventoryMenu](/images/TrueCommand/2.1/SystemInventoryMenu.png "Access the System Inventory Page")

{{< hint info >}}
To download a comma-delimited <file>CVS</file> file for the current inventory page, click **CVS** in the upper-right area of the screen.
{{< /hint >}}

There are three inventory information tabs:

{{< tabs "System Inventory" >}}
{{< tab "System" >}}

> The **System** tab provides information on the **Manufacturer**, the controllers' **Serial** numbers, the system's **Support Tier**, the support Contract's expiration date, the active controller's **Hostname**, the **CPU**, the number of **CPU Cores**, the amount of **Physical Memory**, what **OS** the system is running, and the **Uptime**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion to remove possessive 
The **System** tab provides information on the **Manufacturer**, the controllers' **Serial** numbers, the system **Support Tier**, the support Contract expiration date, the active controller **Hostname**, the **CPU**, the number of **CPU Cores**, the amount of **Physical Memory**, what **OS** the system is running, and the **Uptime**.
```
